


DONE

Home button on log-in page

Establish database and tables

Use session variables and then separate html from userval into acchomepage so that if userval (currently user homepage) is refreshed the system doesn't perform another validation of the user.

Log-out

Block ability to download feedback until several respondents have replied (to avoid ID, and also to avoid error which occurs if try to download feedback before creating invites - as there is no folder yet)

Change password - page done... just needs php process behind it + JS to validate

Alter bottombar pages to make them appropriate for whole site (+ error / acknowledgement pages)

Bottombar on all pages - except those facing the respondents

Home on all pages

Reduce resp numbers to 25

Capitalise firstname and surname automatically on form

Forgotten password / username

Create test user (remove old one as has some resp codes used)
NB - had issue with permissions of 'msf' directory not allowing php to create new directories within it - resolved using filezilla's permissions settings. Did play with open_basedir settings in Plesk but this didn't turn out to be the issue... but it could cause problems in future if I ask php to alter files or create directories in funny places.

IE6 testing (removed 'display:inline' from floating tables on msf index page)






OTHER BITS TO CONSIDER

Change the predictable 'xxx' that is added to the end of the respcodes after use to random 3 characters.

Account homepage:
Delete invites + responses and start again... NOT to do for now. Otherwise people could ues it, delete their feedback then let someone else use it (albeit with their name on things but they could change that in the documents that are downloaded).

Serious CSS tidy-up

Use session variables in processing files rather than needing to use hidden forms and $_post

Investigate making session variables more secure (apparantly can be a security issue). Also ensure it works with cookies turned off (see SID constant in php manual).